Define new name for the project *osado* (#19445)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: README.md

| KDE on Tumbleweed | [![KDE on Tumbleweed](https://openqa.opensuse.org/tests/latest/badge?arch=x86_64&distri=opensuse&flavor=DVD&machine=64bit&test=kde&version=Tumbleweed&show_build=1)](https://openqa.opensuse.org/tests/latest?arch=x86_64&distri=opensuse&flavor=DVD&machine=64bit&test=kde&version=Tumbleweed) |

---

> *osado* – or with long name *os-autoinst-distri-opensuse* – is repo which
> contains tests, which are executed by openQA for openSUSE and SLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*osado* – or with long name *os-autoinst-distri-opensuse* – is repo which
contains the [test distribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_distribution) of the suite and harness, executed by openQA for openSUSE and SLE
```
